README.md, before:

# RunPod Containers

This repository contains the Dockerfiles for the RunPod containers used for our official templates. Resulting containers are available on [Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com/u/runpod).

| Container             | RunPod Template              | Description |
|-----------------------|------------------------------|-------------|
| fast-stable-diffusion | RunPod Fast Stable Diffusion |             |
| kasm-desktop          | RunPod Desktop               |             |
| vscode-server         | RunPod VS Code Server        |             |
| discoart              | RunPod Disco Diffusion       |             |


## Changes

The containers `serverless-automatic` and `sd-auto-abdbarho` have been removed from this repository. The worker replacement can be found in the [runpod-workers/worker-a1111](https://github.com/runpod-workers/worker-a1111) repository.

## Container Requirements

### Dependencies

The following dependencies are required as part of RunPod platform functionality.

- `nginx` - Required for proxying ports to the user.
- `openssh-server` - Required for SSH access to the container.
- 'pip install jupyterlab' - Required for JupyterLab access to the container.

### runpod.yaml

Each container foulder needs to have a runpod.yaml file. This file will contain version info as well as services to be ran. The runpod.yaml file should be formatted as follows:

```yaml
version: '1.0.0'
services:
  - name: 'service1'
    port: 9000
    proxy_port: 9001
  - name: 'service2'
    port: 9002
    proxy_port: 9003
```

### README

Every container folder needs to have its own README.md file, this file will be displayed both on the Docker Hub as well as the README section of the template on the RunPod website. Additionally, if the container is opening a port other than 8888 that is passed through the proxy and the service is not running yet, the README will be displayed to the user.

## Building Containers

buildx bake

```BASH
docker buildx bake

docker buildx bake --push
```


docker build should be ran from the root of the repository, not from the container folder. The build command should be ran as follows:

```bash
docker build -t runpod/<container-name>:<version> -f <container-name>/Dockerfile .
```

Commit message:

creating blender dockerfile for runpod

README.md, after:

# My own readme

To build blender container:
```
cd my-templates/blender/
docker buildx bake -f docker-bake.hcl blender
```
(this didnt work for me, if I ran from route, with full path to the hcl file; I'm a buildx noob. Never used it before..)

# Original Readme below:

# RunPod Containers

This repository contains the Dockerfiles for the RunPod containers used for our official templates. Resulting containers are available on [Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com/u/runpod).

| Container             | RunPod Template              | Description |
|-----------------------|------------------------------|-------------|
| fast-stable-diffusion | RunPod Fast Stable Diffusion |             |
| kasm-desktop          | RunPod Desktop               |             |
| vscode-server         | RunPod VS Code Server        |             |
| discoart              | RunPod Disco Diffusion       |             |


## Changes

The containers `serverless-automatic` and `sd-auto-abdbarho` have been removed from this repository. The worker replacement can be found in the [runpod-workers/worker-a1111](https://github.com/runpod-workers/worker-a1111) repository.

## Container Requirements

### Dependencies

The following dependencies are required as part of RunPod platform functionality.

- `nginx` - Required for proxying ports to the user.
- `openssh-server` - Required for SSH access to the container.
- 'pip install jupyterlab' - Required for JupyterLab access to the container.

### runpod.yaml

Each container foulder needs to have a runpod.yaml file. This file will contain version info as well as services to be ran. The runpod.yaml file should be formatted as follows:

```yaml
version: '1.0.0'
services:
  - name: 'service1'
    port: 9000
    proxy_port: 9001
  - name: 'service2'
    port: 9002
    proxy_port: 9003
```

### README

Every container folder needs to have its own README.md file, this file will be displayed both on the Docker Hub as well as the README section of the template on the RunPod website. Additionally, if the container is opening a port other than 8888 that is passed through the proxy and the service is not running yet, the README will be displayed to the user.

## Building Containers

buildx bake

```BASH
docker buildx bake

docker buildx bake --push
```


docker build should be ran from the root of the repository, not from the container folder. The build command should be ran as follows:

```bash
docker build -t runpod/<container-name>:<version> -f <container-name>/Dockerfile .
```
